Add best practices (#6)
sonix-network/sonix-network: content/faq.md

Not yet, we're rolling out a new RS architecture that requires some more testing before it's ready

#### What best practices do you recommend?

> We recommend setting BGP timers to 3s Keepalive and 9s Hold in the event of a forwarding failure  
>   
> Make sure you are compliant with our [rules](/rules/) at the very minimum

Reviewer: Maybe format it as a list?

```suggestion
We recommend:

  - Ensure you are compliant with our [rules](/rules/)
  - Setting the BGP timers to 3 second Keepalive and 9 second Hold. This helps in the event of a forwarding failure.
```
